hi guys welcome to a random vlog hi
Dominic Boyer dantana done that out done
to them today are you an old item I got
that I would gather of you plus from the
dollar store
they owned at the dollar store anymore
no I hate the dollar store but look what
I can do with that I can get him on the
dog
wait I have a baseball toy alright guys
reach outward stop it I need to
intercept me then I know something's out
and again that's what I can do yeah so
this is up to my friend that's wanted
this that is a youtuber try taking them
out I don't know with tunnels name yeah
life
my towel in real life though if you're
Malik if you're palete if your money
watzek just wash away what happened
videos by but need to but we cool